\documentclass{llncs}
\usepackage{color}
\newcommand{\red}[1]{\textcolor{red}{#1}}

\begin{document}


\section*{Preface}
This volume contains the proceedings of the 20th International
Conference on Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science
(RAMiCS 2023), which was held at \red{the Technologiezentrum Augsburg in
Augsburg, Germany, from 3 to 6 April, 2023}.

The RAMiCS conferences series aims to bring together a community of
researchers to advance the development and dissemination of relation
algebras, Kleene algebras, and similar algebraic formalisms. Topics
covered range from mathematical foundations to applications as
conceptual and methodological tools in computer science and
beyond. More than 30 years after its foundation in 1991 in Warsaw,
Poland, RAMiCS, initially named "Relational Methods in Computer
Science", remains a main venue in this field. The series merged with
the workshops on Applications of Kleene Algebra in 2003 and adopted
its current name in 2009. Previous events were organized in Dagstuhl,
Germany (1994), Paraty, Brazil (1995), Hammamet, Tunisia (1997),
Warsaw, Poland (1998), Qu\'ebec, Canada (2000), Oisterwijk, The
Netherlands (2001), Malente, Germany (2003), St. Catharines, Canada
(2005), Manchester, UK (2006), Frauenw\"orth, Germany (2008), Doha,
Qatar (2009), Rotterdam, The Netherlands (2011), Cambridge, UK (2012),
Marienstatt, Germany (2014), Braga, Portugal (2015), Lyon, France
(2017), Groningen, The Netherlands (2018), Palaiseau, France (2020,
online), and Marseille, France (2021).

RAMiCS 2023 attracted \red{26} submissions, of which \red{17} were
selected for presentation by the Program Committee. Each submission
was evaluated according to high academic standards by at least three
independent reviewers, and scrutinized further during two weeks of
intense electronic discussion. The organizers are very grateful to all
Program Committee members for this hard work, including the lively and
constructive debates, and to the external reviewers for their generous
help and expert judgments. Without this dedication we could not have
assembled such a high-quality program; we hope that all authors have
benefitted from these efforts.

Apart from the submitted articles, this volume features the abstracts
of the presentations of the three invited speakers, Alexander Knapp,
John Stell, and Valeria Vignudelli. We are delighted that all three
invited speakers accepted our invitation to present their work at the
conference.

Last, but not least, we would like to thank the members of the RAMiCS
Steering Committee for their support and advice. We gratefully
acknowledge financial and administrative support by \red{the Zentrum f{\"u}r Leichtbauproduktions\-technologie of the Deutsches Zentrum f{\"u}r Luft- und Raumfahrt, the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft and the Technologiezentrum Augsburg.}

We also appreciate the excellent facilities offered by the EasyChair
conference administration system, and \red{Ronan Nugent's and Anna
  Kramer's} help in publishing this volume with Springer. Finally, we
are indebted to all authors and participants for supporting this
conference.

Â 



~\bigskip


\noindent
\begin{minipage}[t]{.4\textwidth}
January 25, 2023\\
Augsburg
\end{minipage}%
\hfill
\begin{minipage}[t]{.4\textwidth}\flushright
  Roland Gl\"uck \\
  Luigi Santocanale\\
  Michael Winter
\end{minipage}
\end{document}
