       CALL FOR PARTICIPATION AND SHORT CONTRIBUTIONS

                         RAMiCS 2024
              21st International Conference on
    Relational and Algebraic Methods in Computer Science

                   Prague, Czech Republic
                     19--22 August 2024
		    collocated with AiML

            https://ramics-conf.github.io/2024/

IMPORTANT DATES

    Submission of short contributions: 20 June 2024
    Registration: 26 June 2024 (early) / 26 July 2024 (regular)
    Conference dates: 19-23 August 2024

INVITED SPEAKERS

    Sergey Goncharov, University of Erlangen and Nürnberg, Germany
    Tomasz Kowalski, Jagiellonian University in Kraków, Poland
    Sarah Winter, IRIF, Université Paris Cité, France

CFSC

We are calling for presentations of original, unfinished, already
published, or otherwise interesting work within the topics of the
RAMiCS conferences.  The submission can be in the form of a poster, an
abstract, a paper submitted to or published at another conference, or
any other format.  Short contributions will *not* be published in the
conference proceedings.  Please send your short submission as a single
pdf file to

    ramics2024@easychair.org

by 17 June 2024.

SCOPE

Since 1994, the RAMiCS conference series has been the main venue for
research on relation algebras, Kleene algebras and similar algebraic
formalisms, and their applications as conceptual and methodological
tools in computer science and beyond.

Theoretical aspects include semigroups, residuated lattices, semi-
rings, Kleene algebras, relation algebras, quantales and other
algebras; their connections with program logics and other logics;
their use in the theories of automata, concurrency, formal languages,
games, networks and programming languages; the development of
algebraic, algorithmic, category-theoretic, coalgebraic and proof-
theoretic methods for these theories; their formalisation with theorem
provers.

Applications include tools and techniques for program correctness,
specification and verification; quantitative and qualitative models
and semantics of computing systems and processes; algorithm design,
automated reasoning, network protocol analysis, social choice,
optimisation and control.


For more information, see https://ramics-conf.github.io/2024/
