this email reaches you as the author of a submission to the RAMiCS
2024 conference. The Fundamenta Informaticae journal has kindly agreed
to publish a Special Issue devoted to the themes of the RAMiCS
conferences, and we would like to invite you to contribute to the
issue with a paper.

This is an open Call for Papers, so the special issue is open to
papers which are related to the themes of RAMiCS without having been
presented at RAMiCS 2024. We encourage you to forward this email to
colleagues who might also be interested. All articles submitted to the
special issue will undergo the usual rigorous reviewing process of
Fundamenta Informaticae.

Your contribution to the RAMiCS Special Issue may be based on your
RAMiCS 2024 contribution, whether it was accepted or presented or not,
but in that case it should be a significantly extended version of that
contribution. Otherwise, other contributions related to the themes of
RAMiCS are also welcome.

The projected deadline for the special issue is 15 April 2025, but we
would appreciate if you could announce your intention to submit a
paper as soon as possible. We intend to publish the special issue by
April 2027. Fundamenta Informaticae is a "diamond" open access
journal: published papers are accessible without cost, there are no
publication fees, and authors retain the rights to their work. For
more information see

		https://fi.episciences.org/

Please contact one of the guest editors to announce your intention to
submit a paper:

SPECIAL ISSUE GUEST EDITORS

   Uli Fahrenberg, EPITA Rennes, France
                                                    uli.fahrenberg@epita.fr
   Wesley Fussner, Institute of Computer Science of the Czech Academy of
   	  	   Sciences, Prague, Czechia              fussner@cs.cas.cz
   Roland Gl√ºck, German Aerospace Center, Augsburg, Germany
                                                       Roland.Glueck@dlr.de
